DAN: Marucho, Drago and I
were on a mission to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up
with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger
and brings us closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension Controllers
to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
[\u266a]
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
[wild cheering]
ANNOUNCER: Welcome back to the final match
of the Bakugan Battle Tournament!
The pressure's on to see which tag team
will emerge victorious!
Will it be the mysterious duo known only as...
...the Bakugan Brawlers!
Or maybe...
Our very own masters of mayhem,
the kings of chaos...
...the undisputed destroyers
of all who dare to stand in their way...
Lync and Volt of the Vexos!
[laugh] Hey there!
Good to be here!
Love you too!
You're the best!
Knock those new guys right out of the arena!
No need to look so serious, Bakugan Brawlers...
or maybe...
I should call you the Bakugan Brawlers Resistance?
[grunt]
I don't know what you think you're up to
but I'm gonna love...
taking your Bakugan.
Just try it.
Careful, we've got to make this fight last
as long as we can.
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Freedom Run!\"
[panting]
Aw snap!
Which way is it to the controller?
BARON: Let me check...
I think it's this way.
We've got to hurry...
Shun and Ace's battle will be starting any minute now.
Dan! [panting]
Hey, wait for me!
[exhausted grunt]
Hey, me too. Wait up, guys!
Hurry up, Marucho.
You're too slow!
I can't go on anymore...
[exhausted sigh]
AHH!
Hey, where is Marucho?
Should I go back for him?
[panting] Nah.
He was never any good at marathons.
We'll get him on the way back.
[\u266a]
Bakugan?
What are they doing in there?
They've been put into a state of suspension.
DRAGO: It's worse than I expected.
No!
The Bakugan...
must be freed ...
right now!
Wake up! Wake up, everybody!
DRAGO: Dan, it's no use.
He's right...
We won't be able to free them
until we've destroyed the Dimension Controller.
Fine...
Then let's go...
I can't stand watching this...
You! Freeze!
[gasp]
This is a restricted area.
What are you kids doing here?
ANNOUNCER: Hang on tight.
The final battle is about to begin!
I'll open. Gate card set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Percival Stand!
Darkus Percival!
[powerful grunt]
You're using Darkus?
Then I'll pull out...
I'll take this.
Sure, be my guest.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Haos Brontes!
[comical battle roar]
ANNOUNCER: Brontes and Percival are facing off!
How this will end is anyone's guess.
Smile Percival.
It's an honour to be hammered by the mighty Brontes.
Fool!
Now I'll teach you a lesson...
about the power of Darkus.
Gate Card open!
Darkus Reactor!
GAUNTLET: Percival Power Level 650.
Ability Activate...
Darkus Driver!
GAUNTLET: Percival Power Level 850.
Brontes!
Ability Activate!
Maniatus Magical!
[playful evil laughing]
What the...?
GAUNTLET: Percival Power Decrease 450.
Brontes' Power Level 700.
ANNOUNCER: Ooh!
Brontes has taken back the lead!
Double Ability Activate!
Ghost Cell!
I guarantee these guys will give you nightmares!
[cocky laughter]
[evil laughing]
[martial arts call]
[struggling]
GAUNTLET: Percival Power Level 350.
Percival!
Help is on the way...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ventus Ingram!
Let me... at them!
Finally...
Something worth fighting...
Go! Bakugan Brawl!
Ventus Altair...
Stand!
[mechanical battle attack roar]
It's that Cybernetic Bakugan.
After our little test run...
We fully loaded Altair up with power to burn
and abilities that are off the chain!
[beastly battle roar/squeal]
Kids or no kids, you intruders are traitors
and will be treated that way.
So why don't you just confess?
To what?
Trying to free the Bakugan and give them back their home?
Enough!
ANNOUNCER: Looks like this battle
is over before it's even started.
The Vexos have slammed the Bakugan Brawlers
right out of the gate!
Well, there's a big surprise, right kids?
There's no one who can beat the Vexos.
We're gonna prove you wrong!
Oh?
And I will tell you this...
Everything you believe in is a lie!
Open your eyes, fools!
[shocked disbelief]
New Vestroia belongs to the Bakugan!
We're fighting to free them and their land!
A talking... Bakugan?
That's impossible!
DRAGO: No it isn't.
We're living evidence!
Wake up!
You can't deny this anymore!
Do what's right.
Help us free the Bakugan.
AHH!
[painful groan]
Oh Boy! That's gotta hurt.
Did I survive?
Sorry guys.
Got a bit lost.
Good work, Marucho.
[self deprecating laugh]
ANNOUNCER: The Bakugan Brawlers better get it together
or it's game over!
Bakugan Trap! Ventus Hylash!
You too, Ingram!
You bet!
ANNOUNCER: Ingram is hooking up with Hylash
for High-Mobility mode!
Now it's my turn!
Bakugan Trap Falconfly!
ANNOUNCER: The Brawlers are responding
with double Bakugan Traps!
[\u266a]
Is everyone ready?
Uh, Uh, Uh...
Never underestimate the Vexos...
Mechanical Ventus Wired...
Bakugan Brawl!
BOTH: What the?
LYNC: Check out, Altair!
Whaddya think, Resistance?
Aren't these...
the nastiest...
Bakugan you ever seen?
[\u266a]
[mechanical battle roar/squeal]
GAUNTLET: Altair and Wired merge completed.
You and your Bakugan don't stand a chance
against Meta Altair.
I'll attack from below...
And why don't you attack from behind.
Got it. Double Ability Activate...
Thunder Power, Glimmering Slash!
Plus Wind Power, Soaring Strike Shot!
Double Ability Activate...
Fly Enemy Plus Tri Gunner!
[battle effort grunt]
Useless!
Trying a quad attack?
Not bad...
But... now it's my turn.
Watch this!
Double Ability Activate!
Aura Canon Plus Hybrid Canon!
AHHH!
ANNOUNCER: Ya gotta give them points for trying
but the Bakugan Brawlers are totally outclassed
when it comes to the all-powerful Team Vexos!
Who knows how much longer they'll last?
Save yourself embarrassment and just give up.
Go home and play with the other kids.
SHUN: How considerate of you.
What?
Everything is going to plan.
So please don't worry about us.
[panting] We're running out of time.
Ace and Shun won't be able to keep the battle
going much longer.
There they are! Stop them!
[panting]
Coming through!
[impact]
Let go! Let go of my foot!
Let me go!
Go ahead, Dan. We'll hold 'em back.
Here are the plans. Now go!
We're counting on you, Dan!
It's all up...
to me!
[panting]
THINKING: I can't let everyone down.
I just can't!
LYNC: We'll be back to finish them off after this!
VOLT: I'm ready to pulverize!
Time to Brawl!
ANNOUNCER: The tension in the air is electric.
The Vexos have slapped down the Bakugan Brawlers
in our first round.
This match is as good as over.
Finish them off already.
But I'm having so much fun...
And now I'll take their Bakugan.
That's our cue. Ready Ace?
[smug laugh]
I'm always ready.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Misty Shadow!
ANNOUNCER: Sweet move!
Ace is using Misty Shadow to knock Meta Altair's
Power Level back down to its base level!
How's it feel, Lync?
Your mechanical Bakugan's gonna get slammed
into scrap metal...
Oh, and I forgot to tell you the best part;
It starts now!
Go Percival!
ANNOUNCER: Nice!
Now you see him. Now you don't!
[pained squeal/feedback]
What's wrong?
Does your perfect mechanical Bakugan need new glasses, Lync?
[surprise squeal]
Look out!
[battle roar]
Ability Activate!
Shadow Split!
His sensors can't keep track of multiple opponents!
It can't be!
Got you now!
Tri Gunner!
Meta Altair's going down!
Impossible!
Way to go, Loser.
The... Bakugan...
Brawlers fight back!
What an unbelievable comeback!
Our big match of the century turned out to be
a big, belly flop!
DRAGO: Are we going the right way?
How should I know?
I think we found it.
It checks out...
this is gonna be easy...
What'd I tell ya?
Now if I were a \"reverse power\" switch,
where would I hide?
DRAGO: There it is!
It can't be this easy.
Sure it can!
Whoa!
A security system...
We'll have to find a way through, Drago.
How hard could it be, right?
DRAGO: Aaah... Riiight.
We can't turn back now.
The others are counting on us.
ANNOUNCER: Our champion teams
are more evenly matched than we thought.
There's no free ride for the Vexos!
[tired breathing]
But do the Battle Brawlers have to will to win?
We'll show them who's got the will to win.
Double Ability Activate!
Let's go!
Night Explorer plus Tri-Gunner.
Ability Activate!
Maniatus...
Magical!
You took out his ability before it began!
[mocking laughter]
And Brontes gains 200 points.
Pretty funny, huh?
Ability Activate...
Go, Darkus Scythe!
Did he say Darkus?
ANNOUNCER: And Volt pulls out the heavy artillery!
With that Darkus ability,
Brontes is going to be no laughing matter!
[evil cackle]
I can feel the Darkus ability draining my power.
GAUNTLET: Percival Power Level 250.
What's up, Percival?
You're not wimping out on me are you?
Open up or we'll bust the door down!
[worried breathing]
What do we do now, Drago?
You can't get through but I can.
Well how?
If you throw me in a straight line
between laser beams...
I can reach the switch.
See?
But...
What if...
I miss, Drago?
You'll be...
You won't miss, Dan.
I trust you.
Let's do this...
For the Bakugan...
This is where all that practice pays off!
Right!
Last chance.
Bakugan Brawl!
AAH!
[martial arts roar]
Perfect shot!
They did it!
[struggle]
Say uncle!
You haven't won yet...
We've dragged this battle out to stall for time.
Stalling?
We've been letting the power in the stadium build
to critical mass!
Now for the big finish!
Double Ability Activate!
Black Maiden...
Plus Darkus Thunder!
ANNOUNCER: And the action just keeps heating up!
The Brawlers have knocked out Brontes' ability.
Say bye-bye to the Dark Scythe!
GAUNTLET: Percival Power Level 750.
Brontes Power Level 300.
Now you will learn what true Darkus power can do!
Too much power!
Brontes!
ANNOUNCER: And that's all she wrote for Volt!
Ability Activate!
Spinal Saucer!
Ability Actvate!
Armored Victory!
No way!
[bird attack cry]
Ability Activate!
Hybrid Cannon!
It won't work!
I figured out your weakness!
Ability Activate!
Continuous Dance, Phoenix Position!
Double ability Activate!
Thunderbolt Torrential Wave plus Thunder Power...
Glimmering Sash!
ANNOUNCER: Whoa!
Ingram and Hylash are double-teaming Meta Altair!
He's taking hit after hit!
[defeated squeal/feedback]
ANNOUNCER: What a comeback!
Our unknown challengers devastate the Vexos!
New Vestroia has brand, new champions!
Let's hear it for your new, top ranked team,
The Bakugan Brawlers!
[\u266a]
[angry roar]
Pick on someone your own size!
Let's go! Run!
DAN: We did it!
DRAGO: The Dimension Controller has been destroyed.
Thanks to us!
[angry roars]
What's happening?
It's an earthquake!
Oh great.
Look out!
[angry roar]
Nice work. Yeah.
I think it's time to go!
Yeah, don't wanna get stomped.
ANNOUNCER: The B-Bakugan are out!
But there isn't even a battle!
Where are they coming from?
Run!
Run away!
[frightened scream]
Wait!
You have nothing to be afraid of...
The Bakugan are living, intelligent beings!
She speaks the truth.
That Bakugan spoke!
But that's impossible!
The Bakugan deserve their freedom...
They are our friends.
The Bakugan are...
Our friends?
[screaming]
Is everyone all right?
Yeah!
BAKUGAN: Thank you all for freeing us.
Don't thank us...
We're all in this together.
There's still a lot more Bakugan to free.
Then we wish to join the Bakugan Battle Brawler Resistance.
We want to help New Vestroia.
Yes!
We want to fight too!
Me too!
Too awesome!
Our team's getting bigger every day!
Then it's settled.
We stand or fall united.
The Vexos don't have a chance against us!
We're still pretty badly outnumbered, though.
Just the way we like it? Right?
[agreement grunt]
Alright!
I am seriously stoked.
We're going to start a Bakugan revolution!
[cheering]
DAN: Things may be looking up in New Vestroia
but they're heating up back home!
We're about get an unexpected visit from...
Runo!
Runo?
But our old friend brings new troubles when the
dimensional gate between worlds becomes unstable,
with Runo trapped inside!
If we can't hold the Vexos off long enough
to save our pal and save two worlds...
Runo may be lost forever!
Check it out, next time!
Bakugan Brawl!
See you then!